Feat/add pytorch example (#21)
Cosmian/mse-app-examples: sentiment_analysis/README.md

# Sentiment analysis for MSE

> This demo allows to make a sentiment analysis from an string input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo performs a sentiment analysis from an string input.
```

It uses a model build with `PyTorch` (lvwerra/distilbert-imdb - https://huggingface.co/lvwerra/distilbert-imdb), and `Transformers` from `Hugging face` to load it and perform a sentiment analysis.
Model has been trained on imdb reviews dataset (https://huggingface.co/datasets/imdb)

## Test locally

It's a good practice before deploying an app into MSE to test it locally:

```console
$ mse test
$ # push an integer
$ curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"data": "great and fun"}' http://127.0.0.1:5000/
$ # get the sentiment from the given phrase
$ curl http://127.0.0.1:5000/
```

## Deploy your application

```console
$ mse deploy  # in same folder as mse.toml
```

Your application is now ready to be used.

## Test it

```console
$ TEST_REMOTE_URL="https://$APP_DOMAIN_NAME" pytest
```

## Use it

Get the SSL certificate (without checking the trustworthiness of the enclave):

```console
$ # replace $APP_DOMAIN_NAME with your own app domaine name
$ openssl s_client -showcerts -connect $APP_DOMAIN_NAME:443 </dev/null 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -outform PEM > cert.pem
```

> check that it runs in an Intel SGX enclave (not checking code fingerprint):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also get the certificate and check it using:
```
